# StatStrikeforce: A Multiplayer Gaming Statistics Tracker and Prediction Generator 
Developed by: Katherine McCarthy, Maxwell Mendenhall, Ryan Sayre, Tobyn Sitar

Our project aims to revolutionize the statistics tracking service available for many popular competitive multiplayer games. While there are sites such asTracker.gg and U.gg, we plan to create a new application that provides statistics specifically for each game's unique mechanics. With our project, we want to revitalize the way users track their own or others’ statistics. One of the main features we want to implement is comparison, in which you can have a side-by-side comparison of your stats compared to another player. With this feature, we plan to ramp up the competition between friends, or prove to an enemy that you are the better player. We also plan to have an accurate system, where you can see accurate statistics that automatically update the second you finish your match.

Furthermore, with our project, we want to implement a user-friendly hub for all your favorite topics regarding your favorite games. This homepage will show patch notes, a breakdown of the best team compositions and characters, a way to find and connect with others who are looking to play the game, and a way to upload and talk with others about gameplay highlights and opinions. We also plan to implement a machine learning algorithm to predict future performance statistics, based on the last batch of games played. Essentially, we want our model to factor in the most recent statistics into our algorithm to determine predictions for future matches. We want our project to be the best community website for players, both competitive and casual.

We will do our best to utilize resources like CloudLab effectively and continuously assess the best options to continue making forward progress with the project. Our main source for assembling our project’s components will be to commit our code to GitHub, build images from the code and push them to DockerHub, then finally pull images from here to our Kubernetes cluster along with any deployment updates srraight from our Github repository. This will allow us to remotely commit and add to the project from our separate spaces while working on the different components of our project collectively, and we plan on meeting regularly and working together to acheive our project goals. With this, however, we need to consider some limitations. One of the most important limitations is the timeframe. With all the ideal features and components that we want to implement into our tracker, time will be critical to completion of our goals. The 5-month time limit given to us is ideal for a lot of work, but with other commitments and classes, providing the adequate time limit to complete our project will be difficult. Another factor that could potentially limit us is the lack of hardware. Fortunately, some of us have complete desktop computers fully equipped for the work, but differences in hardware among our team members may cause difficulties in the future. We will address project issues as they appear and work together to resolve them and continue progressing towards our final vision. We are excited to begin working on this project and hope we can achieve our goals at the course's end.
